ready to take a trip to this lime
peru are the members of chefs
from the sea where they will have the possibility of
to train the prestigious academy
French kitchen lace blue and also
be part of the gastronomic fair of
mixtura carlos maturana rey is one of
the associates and on behalf of the
The group thanked the
municipality of san antonio and especially
to its mayor omar vera castro we want
thank the municipality of san antonio
especially the person donates barberá his
mayor who has been backing
our activity permanently
which we have been developing since
three or four months ago onwards
especially now last where already
We are 10 to go on our trip to
training to Peru where again don
omar how his support has been permanent
that fact present with us for
help us and bring us in
resources needed to be able
develop this devastation for its
part Juan Ignacio Bustamante explained
that the training that these will receive
days is to participate in one of
the largest gastronomic schools
of the world that is born in France but
maintains a headquarters in Lima
Peru is why the members of
this group will not lose the
opportunity to be educated in so
important institution where also
will have the opportunity to deliver
some talks about Chilean food
let's go train the 12
members of the association and
we intend to learn a little more than
what Peruvians are doing in
regarding gastronomy
it's so extraordinary there are like two or
three reruns are within
fifty best subtractors in the world and
they already know a little bit much better
how they have come to the issue of
cook and that's what we want to go
to learn in turn the well-known director
television channel 2 manuel castro y
Chef of the sea promotion manager
indicated that they will keep a complete record
of this important Lima visit and that
subsequently it will be shown in a
special program of this signal
good television what is the extension a
little stop this this also this
department is a little graficar in
images everything that the
guys the other chefs live a bit of
show try to show what you see
audiovisually the passion that they
they have for the kitchen and do it program
that at some point you will go through
by the winning screen it is worth noting
that Peruvian food is recognized
worldwide and that three of its
Rectorships are among the 50 best
of the world